when nature itself tells you how to do things it's better to stop
hear
It is the same as the tajuña
that there were two villarreal brothers in their new adventure
get an ecological certification to the alcarria showers
of course there is a tendency
clearer and more defined by the rex of respect and care of the environment that
we occupy
the record of the final quality of the product of the people is demanding it
but that little for what you eat eurocopa for the safety of what you eat
From far away there are hardly any differences between this fish farm installation
conventional
but there are the first and most important in this sixth in which
could produce up to three hundred tons and yet their capacity
has reduced to 70
it is peace and freedom of movement that can be appreciated only by looking at the water
pincers to do this or bazhenov is the background but we're talking about that
I had the double
e despite loading the tobacconists everything from a production of 300
we will be in 70 tons to have less wish cargo the trout expresses us
and then it makes the p
with mallets greater ease
has more space
which also makes the psc the fat the kennedy center bec of a little
we are satisfied bier
Paw black you know this summer these trout of the alcarria tennant
officially the seal of ecological
although they are already
we're
complying with all European regulations at an ecological level
who are you want to work
below the 25 cubic kilometer of water
he reminded himself that ccoo
I would not look like the word elimination
a fruit of stress
account to get it
Well, all that happens
for first by feeding
if he is not well fed and does not discover all his demand
nutritional organoleptic
Poetry certainly in llastres goes through the quality of the water where it breeds passes
for the quality of the pond where from symantec to proper cleaning
the non-use of merida in it decades
it is preferable to prevent rushing
they are made to litigate water constantly
the bird couple
merck if it has some kind kills the heavy mercury and good the ember is a
control and assured are
Alejandro and Curro have it clear to be ecological in agriculture and
feeding
it's just logical saw
we are what we eat
the trout as I said before
take a weight
is obviously ecological for the ecological association
proceed to the invention to happen organic farming
of distant soybeans cereals
and then the flours they use to cover their flour needs state
come from sustainable fisheries
all that together with the quality of the water that we have there the river tajuña
they make of those who of the final quality of the trout will be different without
However, producing organic in Spain sometimes means swimming against the current
we are always late compared to the rest of the countries
strong of europe as can be germany andorra france war
why and looking at the market
they have also proposed to do things differently we are taking out
different pay from
the product we hope to make the trout aberration that in which the
fish shop gasometer 150 grams especially
trout 500 grams
but he knows that the experts have
of 2 3 kilos
to do home
defense
product kent alhama
p
the final warrios just have to
e warm up and gente tie
reno and what to prepare of psuv and sonia cleaning of the sort
to know later on how to cook it
well, that's a bit of the putting
all the versatility in different elaborated of the trout estrada to the
steak down to the web to pate
the smoked
at that time if we are in this situation
15th
the spine effect of kutxa
vacuum packaging
we have the trout of ration
we have also known
And at this moment they are happening to us
No other company what these concepts
this tiebreaker story just as we market it
john huston man and we have a lawyer
that already contributed assets of
this winter as we are so low
claims to the impulse of rural development
linking it to the primary activity of fish farming
or of the web theft the general
to develop sustainability strategies in the forlan environment that
we meet
Ecological cultivation modern and diversified transformation and in the lake of
leisure fishing in a pleasant environment
maximum use respectful of the environment and examples of how to take
sustainable way everything that nature puts us within reach of the
hand
with this goal our notification block